com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityViewMsgErrorBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityViewMsgErrorBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/generated/callback/OnScrollStateChanged.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.generated.callback.OnScrollStateChanged
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.generated.callback.OnScrollStateChanged$Listener
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/DataBindingInfo.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.DataBindingInfo
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityItemAudioMessageSenderBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityItemAudioMessageSenderBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/generated/callback/OnLongClickListener.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.generated.callback.OnLongClickListener
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.generated.callback.OnLongClickListener$Listener
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityFragmentRecentChatBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityFragmentRecentChatBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityItemImageMsgSenderBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityItemImageMsgSenderBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityEditMsgBarBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityEditMsgBarBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityItemRecentMessageBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityItemRecentMessageBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityChatComposeBarBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityChatComposeBarBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityPopupTextMsgSenderBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityPopupTextMsgSenderBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/BR.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.BR
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityChatBarBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityChatBarBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityItemRecentMessageBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityItemRecentMessageBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityItemImageMsgReceiverBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityItemImageMsgReceiverBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityItemUnknownMessageBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityItemUnknownMessageBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityItemAudioMessageReceiverBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityItemAudioMessageReceiverBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityItemTextMessageReceiverBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityItemTextMessageReceiverBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityChatComposeBarBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityChatComposeBarBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityPopupMsgDeleteBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityPopupMsgDeleteBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityViewMsgDeletedBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityViewMsgDeletedBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityItemAudioMessageReceiverBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityItemAudioMessageReceiverBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/BuildConfig.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.BuildConfig
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityFragmentChatBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityFragmentChatBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityPopupMsgReportBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityPopupMsgReportBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityViewMsgErrorBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityViewMsgErrorBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityChatBarBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityChatBarBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityItemImageMsgSenderBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityItemImageMsgSenderBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityItemTextMessageReceiverBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityItemTextMessageReceiverBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityViewDateBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityViewDateBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityViewDateBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityViewDateBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/BR.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.BR
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityItemAudioMessageSenderBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityItemAudioMessageSenderBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityPopupTextMsgSenderBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityPopupTextMsgSenderBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityFragmentRecentChatBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityFragmentRecentChatBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityItemTextMessageSenderBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityItemTextMessageSenderBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityItemUnknownMessageBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityItemUnknownMessageBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityPopupMsgDeleteBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityPopupMsgDeleteBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityActivityEditMessageBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityActivityEditMessageBindingImpl
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityActivityEditMessageBindingImpl$1
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityFragmentChatBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityFragmentChatBindingImpl
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityFragmentChatBindingImpl$1
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityActivityEditMessageBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityActivityEditMessageBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityPopupMsgReportBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityPopupMsgReportBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityItemTextMessageSenderBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityItemTextMessageSenderBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityEditMsgBarBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityEditMsgBarBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityViewMsgDeletedBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityViewMsgDeletedBindingImpl
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityItemImageMsgReceiverBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityItemImageMsgReceiverBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityActivityChatHomeBinding.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityActivityChatHomeBinding
com/ekoapp/ekosdk/uikit/chat/databinding/AmityActivityChatHomeBindingImpl.java
 com.ekoapp.ekosdk.uikit.chat.databinding.AmityActivityChatHomeBindingImpl
